Update README.md and pictures for webview and dynamic view settings (#1019)
Open-CMSIS-Pack/vscode-cmsis-debugger: README.md

(available from the VS Code Activity Bar) currently contains the [**LIVE WATCH**](#live-watch), the
[**COMPONENT VIEWER**](#component-viewer), and the [**CORE PERIPHERALS**](#core-peripherals) views.

> The CMSIS Debugger stores dynamic view state per debug configuration in the `vscode-cmsis-debugger.viewState` VS Code setting. Stored state includes filter text and periodic update options for supported views, and the enabled/disabled state of [CPU Time](#cpu-time).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CMSIS Debugger stores dynamic view state per debug configuration in the `vscode-cmsis-debugger.viewState` VS Code workspace setting. The stored state includes view specific configurations, e.g. the last filter text and periodic update options for the [**COMPONENT VIEWER**](#component-viewer), and the `enabled`/`disabled` state of the [CPU Time](#cpu-time) display.
```

Please have a look if this still makes sense. Trying to be a bit more generic to avoid touching this for every future change to the `viewState`. Also, we need to be more specific about this only getting stored on workspace level.

Author: Good points. The suggestion has been applied.

> When you start the same debug configuration again, the stored state is restored automatically. To clear the stored state, run the **CMSIS Debugger: Reset All Dynamic View States** command from the Command Palette.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you start the same debug configuration again, its previous state is restored automatically. To clear the stored state, run the **CMSIS Debugger: Reset All Dynamic View States** command from the Command Palette.
```
